College isn't like high school. Nobody
cares if you sink or swim. Here's your
60-cond guide to survive college. Don't
buy every textbook new. You'll waste
half your meal plan money on paper
you'll never open. Sit in the first
three rows, or else you'll scroll on
your phone and forget you even had
class. Make friends in at least one
class. They'll save you when you miss
notes. Don't pull three all-nighters in
a row. You'll crash in the middle of
your exam and drool on the scantron. Use
the library. It's the only quiet place
where you'll actually study. Don't wait
until finals week to learn the material.
Your brain can't download 12 weeks of
lectures overnight. Join one club, not
five, or you'll never sleep. Don't
ignore your professor's office hours.
That's where you turn a C into a B or
sometimes into an A if you bring good
questions. Keep your GPA above 3.0.
Employers don't care if you got a 4.0,
but they'll care if you got a 1.9. And
finally, don't forget to enjoy it.
Surviving college isn't just about
grades. It's about leaving with
memories, too.